Objective
To design and implement the client-side of a web site of your own interest using HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, and Javascript.

Scenario
Imagine you are the owner of a club. You want to write a web site to promote and attract new comers for your club. Example web sites include:

-	Soccer Club (Real Madrid, Manchester United, etc)
-	Fan Club of a Movie/Music/Sport Star (Angelababy, Robynn & Kendy, etc.)
-	Hobbies (Guitar Playing, Biking etc)
-	Touring Guide (Hong Kong, China, Macau, etc)
-	Promotion of environmental protection, health care, etc.

You should include the following features in your web sites:

-	At least 3 pages in your web site
-	Use suitable hyperlinks to link up the 3 pages and also show links to link your web site to the outside world
-	Text contents, pictures or video arranged in a designed layout
-	Attractive visual effects to arouse the interest of visitors
-	Nicely implemented user interface including CSS-powered menus and input/output elements
-	Pages with responsive layout
-	Validation and processing of HTML form data using HTML5 and Javascript

Assignment Group:	1 to 2 students

Project Demo and Submission
-	Project demo will be done in the last lesson. Your site will be tested using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.

-	You are required to upload a zip file containing the following 2 items to Moodle:

	(a)	HTML/CSS/Javascript source code of the web site.
	(b)	A Word document to describe your assignment and show the screen captures (屏幕截圖)  of all the pages in your web site.

IMPORTANT NOTICE
Each student has to submit his/her own work. Plagiarism (抄襲) will be treated seriously.
Late submission will receive ZERO marks
 

Also, each student must observe and follow the additional requirements of this EA as shown below :

a.	Your website will be installed at the teacher's computer and only the Chrome web browser will be used for testing. You may choose to run your website using the Live Preview function of the Brackets editor.

b.	Set the filename of the "start page" to index.html. Organize the files into different folders (usually by file type or purpose).

c.	All filenames must be meaningful (avoid to use Chinese filename), pay attention to long and meaningless image filenames. Similarly, all function names, variable names, class names, id names etc. should also be meaningful.

d.	Code indentation must be done for all program code. (Use Beautify extension)

e.	Add sufficient understandable comments in your (HTML, CSS and Javascript) code to explain the purpose of each logical block of code. Here are some examples of bad/useless comments :<br />
	width : 100%;   /* set the width to 100% */
	// It will perform 10 times
	for (i=0; i<10; i++) { ..... }

f.	The lecturer will not manually install any special font to test your web site. State clearly in your report, the list of external web pages or resources your website will need to access. 

g.	Your website must be designed to fit in one common screen resolution : 
	1024 × 768 or 1280 × 1024 or 1920 × 1080. No 2K (2048 × 1080) or 4K (3840 × 2160) resolutions.

h.	No PHP code in your source files

i.	Except the Javascript (JS) library created by yourself, you cannot use any public JS library or framework which includes but is not limited to :
•	No JQuery, JQuery UI, Bootstrap, Node.js etc.
•	No Spry code which is generated by Dreamweaver

Consult your lecturer immediately if you have any doubt about using library code. 

j.	When your website is zipped, the ZIP file size must be less than  50 MB.

k.	Spend sufficient time to prepare the required Word document which is an important documentation to explain your "good" design, and how the user should interact with the webpages especially those features which involve event handling and responsive layout design. 

l.	You must be able to explain every piece of code submitted by yourself. Remove all code that you can't clearly explain to me, especially those code is copied from the internet.
